Update delivery build documentation (#647)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/guides/editor/publish-control/delivery/index.md

---
title: Delivery Builds
description: Trigger builds for specific deliveries and show the delivery build status in the Editor.
weight: 6
---

> For infinite products like an e-paper there is usually a “build” stage involved. With the new Deliveries feature we allow a user to trigger a remote system to kick off a delivery build and report the status of the build back to Livingdocs. This allows an editor to get a better view on the infinite product life cycle. These are the features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For finite products like an e-paper there is usually a “build” stage involved. With the new Deliveries feature we allow a user to trigger a remote system to kick off a delivery build and report the status of the build back to Livingdocs. This allows an editor to get a better view on the infinite product life cycle. These are the features:
```

}

```

## Delivery Builds for Drafts

You can also configure delivery builds for drafts. These are available before a document is published and no `publicationId` is tracked in the build status.

These are the differences of a draft build:

Use `type: 'draft'` in the delivery config:

```js
build: {
  enabled: true,
  type: 'draft',
  triggerButtonLabel: 'Build',
  retriggerButtonLabel: 'Build again',
  retryButtonLabel: 'Retry'
}
```

Use the event name `document.build.draft` in the webhook config:

```js
events: [
  {
    name: 'document.build.draft',
    conditions: {
      deliveryHandles: ['draftDelivery']
    }
  }
]
```

> The webhok workds the same as for delivery builds of type `publication` but there will be no publicationId in the event even if the document is published.

Reviewer 2: Typos: 
`The webhook works`

> The webhok workds the same as for delivery builds of type `publication` but there will be no publicationId in the event even if the document is published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webhook works the same as for delivery builds of type `publication` but there will be no publicationId in the event even if the document is published.
```
